Entity A is the entity in activated mode.
B, C, D etc. are subjects.

Air attack
	Entity A attacks entity B while in the air.
	Decreases bravery of B for a short while.
	A is vulnerable against attacks from ground.
	Warrior shout triggered when jumping.
Barserk
	Entity A attacks without slowing down due to counter-attacks.
	Increases bravery at the allies nearby.
	Decreases bravery at enemies nearby.
Blindness
	Entity A looses vision for a short period.
	Attacks in random directions or by sounds.
	Screams of pain.
	Will get hurt when running into inanimate objects.
Blood thirst
	Entity A increases bravery after killing an enemy.
Body guard
	Entity A tries to move entity B away from intense attacks.
Broken limb
	Entity A moves slowly for a short period.
	Can not jump.
	Requires healing.
Carousel
	Entity A grabs entity B and swings around.
	Throws in random direction.
	Entity B gets hurt when hitting inanimate objects.
Chain attack
	Entity A restricts the movement of entity B to a circle around A.
	A can not run while doing the chain attack.
	Entity B can attack A.
	While A performs chain attack, it can draw B closer with special attack.
Critical kill
	Entity A increases bravery.
	Increases drop chance at end of battle.
Fainted
	Entity A lies on the ground unconscious for a short while.
	Opens up stomp attack of nearby enemies.
Frozen
	Entity A can not move or attack enemies for a short while.
	Increases bravery of nearby allies.
Fury
	Entity A gets stronger when bravery is full.
	A special attack becomes available but reduces bravery.
	Can move faster.
Ground attack
	Entity A jumps and creates a shock wave in the ground.
	Allies automatically air attack to avoid shock wave.
	Only one team member can perform a ground attack at any given time.
	Entity A needs to have over 500/1000 in weight units to perform ground attack.
	All enemies within range hit by shock wave experience strong melee attack.
Heavy lift
	Entity A lifts and carry items.
	Can not perform jumping while carrying.
	Can throw item at enemies.
	Can be rocks, dead bodies etc.
Invisible
	Entity A becomes invisible to both allies and enemies.
	Can not attack while invisible.
	Increases bravery of allies.
Life absorbation
	Entity A absorbs life from entity B and turns it into attack power.
	Decreases stamina of A.
	Decreases bravery of enemies.
Living shield
	Entity A protects entity B from long range attacks.
	Is only activated as long the fire is intense.
	Entity A tries to stay away from the path of B.
Lost captain
	Entity A decreases bravery entity B dies.
Power attack
	Entity A stops attacking for a while to charge up.
	The attack does more damage the longer one waits.
	While charging, is more vulnerable to melee attacks.
Power push
	Entity A displaces entity B.
	Disrupts all attacks of entity B.
	Stuns entity B for a short while.
Protecting mother
	Entity A defends another entity B with itself at risk.
	Gains extra strength when entity B is nearby.
	At win, entity B increase loyalty to A.
	At escape, entity B decrease loyalty to A.
Speed attack
	Entity A attacks entity B with a special attack.
	The attack is only available when running.
	Decreases bravery of entity B.
Stomp attack
	Entity A attacks unconscious entity B.
	A kills B if performed before B awakes.
Traitor
	Entity A switches from one team to another.
	Increases bravery at the old team.
	If more than 50% of a team commit treason, the rest of team gives up.
	Those immune to traitor will fight to their death.